Earlier radial injection solutions did not represent thermal
A constant-temperature injection boundary does not conserve heat-flux
The aquifer and its bounding rocks have distinct thermal properties
Fully penetrating injection well in an aquifer bounded by bedrock and
Robin-type inner boundary condition coupling injection temperature to
Laplace-domain aquifer, bedrock, and caprock equations
Time-domain aquifer, bedrock, and caprock temperatures obtained by
Dispersion-dominant aquifer equation with lambda a approximated by
Airy-function aquifer temperature solution in Equation (23)
Conduction-dominant aquifer equation with lambda a approximated by
Modified-Bessel aquifer temperature solution in Equation (25)
Agreement between the present solution and the finite-difference
A process-regime map identifying coupled and dominant heat-transfer
Relative input-parameter influence on aquifer temperature
Field-scale temperature comparisons during heated-water injection
Within the modeled injection period, the coupled conduction-dispersion